(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal."
(Kite)
Vetrix, this moment
is long overdue.
I'm here to avenge what you've
done to my brother, Hart.
This I promise.
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Let's Duel!
Galaxy-Eyes,
Attack Vetrix with
Photon Stream of Destruction.
(laughing maniacally)
What, this can't be?
How can you have any
life points left?
Are you shocked?
Because I assure you
you haven't seen anything yet.
Because Kite,
I've been saving
a little surprise for you
all this time.
(Vetrix/Hart)
Why do you keep attacking me?
It hurts, Kite.
Impossible.
No, it's true.
Our minds joined together,
and we became one.
Hey Kite.
I'll find Hart and free him
from Vetrix.
Come on, Orbital.
(Vetrix/Hart)
Go, Genom Heritage.
Attack his Dyson Sphere.
Flash Impact!
Vetrix!
Enjoying the show,
Faker?
Ingenious, isn't it?
You're about to watch
both your sons
get crushed
in the same duel.
(crazed laughing)
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before
my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
Whoa, no, your eyes are not
playing tricks on you.
Genom-Heritage just destroyed
Dyson Sphere,
ladies and gentlemen.
Know what that means?
Well...
It means Vetrix has dueled Kite
into a corner.
Kite's really been
pulling his punches.
His dueling seems sloppy.
You'd think there was something
was wrong with him.
I hope he gets his
head in the game fast.
(Vetrix/Hart)
I know my link to Hart
is hard to believe,
but it's all true.
Any pain I feel,
Vetrix feels.
And any pain that I feel,
Hart feels too.
I'll show ya.
It's Hart.
Hart, can you hear me?
He can't hear you,
but he can feel me.
(laughing)
If I can feel it,
Hart can feel it.
Pretty neat, huh?
You think this is funny,
you twisted monster.
Let my brother go.
Ahh, Vetrix!
I swear I will make you
pay for this.
Hart, hang on.
I'm on my way.
(Vetrix/Hart)
I believe it's your turn.
You could attack us with
your Galaxy-Eyes...
... that is, if you
don't care about me.
(Kite)
How do I play this?.
If I attack, I'll injure Hart.
But if I don't,
I could lose the duel.
And my victory could mean
freeing Hart of Vetrix
once and for all.
(groaning)
I have to decide if helping Hart
is worth hurting him.
I draw!
(Kite)
Hang in there,
little brother.
I'm coming for you,
Vetrix.
And Hart, trust me,
I know what I'm doing.
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
attack Heraldic King
Genom-Heritage.
Go Photon
Stream of Destruction!
(Vetrix/Hart)
How could you, Kite?
What's wrong with you?
You blasted your own
little brother?
You'll hurt me
just to win a duel.
I had you all wrong.
I thought
you loved me?
(laughing)
I end my turn.
Orbital, gee, maybe I just
should have walked.
Can't you go any faster?
Oh yeah?
You wanna see fast--
I'll show you fast.
Hang on wise guy,
we're going in!
Whoa.
Don't worry about
a thing, Yuma.
I expected those.
Yes, just as I thought.
Dr. Faker's security system
is working perfectly.
Here we go.
My turn, I draw!
You know, Kite.
I hope you and I
dueling each other
doesn't create any bad
blood between us.
I'm totally serious.
I really want to strengthen
our brotherly bonds.
And my next move
is designed to do just that.
I equip Heraldry Curse
on Genom-Heritage.
Now once per turn, both of us
take 300 points of damage
for each monster
on the field.
There are two
monsters on the field.
So we each take 600
points of damage.
Don't you feel
closer already, Kite?
Sure we'll lose life points
but we'll do it together...
like brothers.
Brother.
Brother!
This can't be.
Hart...
Hart, speak to me!
(Yuma)
What about that window?
There he is.
Hart.
C'mon, gimme a sign.
(coughing)
He's okay.
Orbital, bring up Kite.
I gotta share the good news
with him.
Tell me, Yuma.
Is he all right?
I think so.
He's still in a deep trance,
but he looks okay to me.
Yes, Hart is fine.
But for how much longer
is the question.
And I would imagine that
you must be asking yourself
that very same question,
Dr. Faker.
Yes, I think you are.
Vetrix, you leave Hart
out of this duel.
Hart, I wish
you could hear me.
So I could tell you how much
you mean to your brother,
and how badly he wants to be
with you again.
You there?
Oh man.
What's this?
Hey, I know
where we are.
We've been here before.
Haven't we, Astral?
I do believe
you are right.
We are inside Hart's
consciousness.
He summoned us here
not long ago.
Where is he?
What is that thing?
(Yuma)
No, is that... Vetrix?
Why is he here?
A better question.
Why are you here, Yuma?
You're in Hart's mind?
So this is an inside job?
Very good, Yuma!
You discovered my secret.
Too bad you won't be around
long enough to tell anyone.
Yuma.
I got this, Astral.
I summon,
Number 39: Utopia!
You did it, Uto--
What's happening?
(Vetrix)
You are finished, Yuma.
Is that all you got?
'Cause it won't be
enough, Vetrix.
And I won't stop till
Hart's free of you.
Alright then, now, Utopia.
Let's keep Hart the way
he was meant to be.
Vetrix-free.
Go Rising Sun Slash.
(Astral)
Vetrix has been defeated.
(Vetrix)
Yuma.
I'm coming for you.
(laughing)
Whoa, Yuma!
Yuma Tsukumo!
This is not over!
You will regret meddling
in my affairs!
What did Yuma do?
Kite, good news.
Hart is no longer
under Vetrix's power.
You know what that means?
Now you can duel without
worrying about hurting Hart.
So don't hold back or show that
creep any mercy, got it?
'Cause Vetrix is all yours!
This means I can release
the full force of my Rage!
Get ready.
This ends now, Vetrix.
We're all rootin'
for ya, Master Kite!
Yeah, that's right.
Show Vetrix what
dueling is all about.
Oh, I intend to.
It's my turn, I draw!
I activate the spell card
Galaxy Expedition.
When Galaxy-Eyes
is on my field,
I can summon one
Galaxy Knight from my deck.
Galaxy Knight doesn't like
fighting alone,
so its special ability
lets me summon another one.
Now I overlay Level 8
Galaxy-Eyes
and my two Galaxy Knights.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
Prepare to witness
the mightiest of monsters.
With the power of this beast,
this battle is over!
Oh, not this.
His monster is now
Neo Galaxy-Eyes.
An unexpected nuisance.
When Galaxy-Eyes is used
as an Overlay Unit
to summon Neo Galaxy-Eyes,
every other monster loses
its special abilities.
Go Photon Howling!
That means Genom-Heritage's
special ability is cancelled!
That's right.
So get ready because
your number is up.
All right.
Kite can destroy
Genom-Heritage.
Furthermore,
if Kite is successful,
then he will win the duel.
(Kite)
Vetrix, there is
no stopping me now.
I knew I would beat you
in this duel.
And now I see the moment
is finally at hand.
Prepare as I strike
the final blow.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
attack Genom-Heritage.
Ultimate Photon Stream
of Destruction.
Yes, ha-ha!
Master Kite
did it, wonderful!
Ah, that's my boy,
magnificent!
(maniacal laughing)
No way.
Ah!
This can't be.
(laughing)
Ever so sorry to disappoint,
but I'm still here.
How, you ask?
Just before your attack,
I activated the trap
Heraldry Protection.
A trap card.
Yes indeed, Kite.
Due to Heraldry Protection,
I lowered Neo Galaxy-Eyes's
attack points by 800.
So, it's still your move.
I end my turn.
Such anger--
keep it coming.
What?
Your rage is so abundant.
I should thank you.
At this rate I'll have
all I need in no time.
All of what?
Why, anger, of course.
I draw!
And now I summon:
Heraldic Beast
Berners Falcon!
Then I activate the spell
card Heraldry Reborn!
This card lets me summon
a Level 4-or-below Heraldic
monster from my graveyard.
So I summon
Heraldic Beast Basilisk.
But wait, I'm not through.
Since I have two Heraldic
monsters on my field,
I can summon Heraldic
Beast Eale from my hand.
And now for the move I've
been building towards.
I overlay Level 4 Berners
Falcon, Basilisk and Eale.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon.
Number 69:
Heraldry Crest!
(Vetrix)
This duel ends with Number 69:
Heraldry Crest.
This is an extremely
difficult monster to control.
To do so you must wield
enormous amounts of anger.
Anger?
That's right.
I've been collecting it
from everyone.
They've all been
unknowingly contributing.
I harnessed Dextra's anger,
and of course Trey's.
Let's not forget
Quattro and Quinton.
Why, Shark's anger nearly
put me over the top.
You're mad.
Oh no,
I'd say you are, Kite.
(laughing)
It was your boundless rage
that topped off
my stockpile of anger!
It is thanks to your fury
over little Hart
that I was able to
summon Heraldry Crest.
And before too long
you'll be wishing you'd never
laid eyes on this monster.
Heraldry Crest steals your
monster's special abilities!
(laughing)
No way.
What?
Now go Heraldry Crest!
Steal Neo Galaxy-Eyes's
special ability.
Whipping Lash.
Your monster will remain
on your field,
though I can't
imagine Galaxy Eyes
will be much use without
its special ability.
You'll see
how wrong you are.
Kite.
Wait, you need me!
Ahh!
Now to try out my
freshly stolen powers.
I activate Neo Galaxy-Eyes'
special ability.
And I'll also use
one Overlay Unit
to get rid of your monster's
Overlay units.
Heraldry Crest
gains 500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit that your
monster Neo Galaxy Eyes lost.
So Heraldry Crest
gains 1500 attack points.
But hold on.
There's a bit more.
Since your monster lost
three Overlay Units,
Heraldry Crest can attack you
three times in a row, Kite.
Now, are you prepared
to handle a triple strike?
Oh, now don't be upset.
It's not all bad.
Due to the effect of the trap
Heraldry Protection,
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
won't be destroyed.
No, you will take
all the damage.
Oh, and Faker.
Crushing your son fills me
with unparalleled joy.
(laughing)
Vetrix!
Now Heraldry Crest.
Attack Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
Dark Matter Demolition!
Finish him,
Heraldry Crest,
and make sure he never
forgets this defeat!
(audience)
Ohh!
Kite, nooooo...
Brother.
You are beaten!
But since my monster
and I are having
such a good time attacking you,
I'll do it again.
Why stop the fun now?
Dark Matter Demolition!
Hang in there, Kite!
What is happening?
No, it can't be.
It's Hart.
Thank you, Hart.
Oh no.
Thank you, brother.
Aww, how touching.
Hart showed up just in time
to soften his
brother's final blow.
I'd be moved to tears
if I were capable of it.
But I'm not.
This duel is mine.
As are your soul
and Number cards.
Kite!
Speak to me,
c'mon, wake up.
Kite, no!